In this lesson we are going to rewrite
the authorization policy into javascript and
fix one issue in accept answer component
so let's go to app
policies folder then open answer policy.
We see that update and delete method contains the
same logic which compare both id of the user with
the user id of the answer.
And it's similar to a question policy. So later in our javascript we'll
create only a single method to write this logic
for the accept method
It matches ID of the user with user ID in the related question.
All right let's switch over to our terminal and then
create new branch by saying git checkout -b lesson
thirty four.
and run web pack by saying npm run watch.
Now let's go to assets
js folder and then create new file.
I'll call it policies dot js
inside here let's define a new method.
And he called it modify
this method needs two arguments.
The first one is user to represent the
current user and a second one is model.
The reason why I call it model instead of answer is
because this argument can be received both answer
and question
and inside here we simply say return user
dot id is equal model dot user underscore ID.
All right
let's also define another method accept.
There will be two arguments.
User and answer. Here
I'm not call it model because this
method is specific to answer model.
And inside here we simply say return user dot id is equals answer
dot question dot user id
Let's open app dot js file
and here let's import the policies file that
we just created by saying import policies
from policies.
Now I want to define a function that
can be called in template like this
authorize modify answer
so to do that we can modify vue js prototype like this
Vue dot prototype dot authorize equals function
policy model
so prototype is a way to inherit the class.
And by doing this we add authorize function directly to
component instance without any injection mechanism.
Ok firstly we need to make sure that the user has
successfully signed in. So he can say if not not user
signed in
then return false.
And before we call the methods in policies
let's make another check if fistly we need to make
sure that the method name in the first argument
is a string.
Here we can say type of policy is equal
String
and then we need  to make sure that the model is an object.
And here we can say
type of model
is equal object
Now if both conditions met
Here we can pull the current user object by saying
window dot auth dot user as we defined in
here.
Actually this should be user.
Sorry for the
typo
And then assigned to a variable user in this case
and last we can say return and then policies
policy
user
model. So policies holds all methods in policies dot js file.
That means if we call something like this
authorize modify answer this will be policies modify
user model or it similar with this command
policies dot modify user model.
All right now we can open accept dot vue
and here we can call the authorize function like this.
authorize accept
answer. Let's save all changes
and have a look
now the accept button disappear.
This because the question is not my own
question or own by current user signed in
If i see my own question
here the accept button appear.